= Copac Juice Extension =

Extension to launch a search window on copac.ac.uk based on ISBN data held on page. Can be launched from either text or image based selection panels.

Note: Copac search only accepts single ISBNs, so only the first identified on page is used.

Author: *Richard Wallis*<br/>
Juice Version: > 0.1 

== Operation == 

Upon construction this extension inserts the passed icon & text in to the relevant selection panels with css classes set to 'juiceXInactiveIcon' and 'juiceXInactiveText'.  Once initialized thes are changed to 'juiceXActiveIcon' and 'juiceXActiveText', and they become clickable. Once clicked, a window of the passed type is launched to display the site. 

== Example code ==
{{{
new copacJuice(juice,
'http://copac.ac.uk/img/85x67_copac.gif',
'Search Copac');
}}}

== Prerequisites ==
=== Loaded modules ==
{{{juice.loadJs("http://{MyServer}/extensions/copac.js");}}}

=== Data requirements ===

Extension is dependent on one ISBN value being stored in a Juice Meta definition named "isbns".  This extension will not display in a selection panel if this value is not present. Note: Copac search only accepts single ISBNs, so only the first identified on page is used.

== Constructor arguments ==
{{{copacJuice(ju,src,text,defPanel,launchType,insert1,insert2)}}}<br/>
arg: ju - instance of juice <br/>
arg: src - url to logo to display in selection panel<br/>
arg: text - text to display in selection panel<br/>
arg: launchType - type of widow to launch "new"(default) | "overlay" | "iframe" | "current" - optional<br/>
arg: insert1 - option for launch window - optional<br/>
arg: insert2 - option for launch window - optional<br/>