#Release notice 0.7

= Release notice 0.7 =

This release is beta due to the large number of changes and the need to test in the wild against a variety of browsers and extension setups.

= Details =

==Major Changes==

 * *Renaming* - juice is now available under $.juice or jQuery.juice. JuiceInsert, JuiceProcess, JuiceSelectProcess and JuicePanel are now available under $.juice.insert, $.juice.process, $.juice.selectProcess and $.juice.panel. Eventually this will keep global namespace pollution down, for now the old versions are still available.
 * *JuiceOverlay* - overlay css and js are now part of the main files
 * *juice.loadExtensions* - a new method for quickly loading extensions if you are using the standard filesystem setup. 
 * *bundling jQuery 1.4.4* -  juice has now been updated to use the latest release of jQuery. 
 * *Dual licensed* - Juice is no dual licensed under GPL and MIT, much like jQuery itself.

==Minor changes ==

 * *many minor changes* - move towards a coding style more in line with jQuery and avoid duplicating functionality where possible.
 * *single juice object* - since only one copy of juice exists on a page, it is no longer a prototype
 * *removal of many getters/setters* - this is to reduce deployment overhead. Getter/setters that were rarely used have been removed and where appropriate the pseudo-private vars made public. i.e. _googleApiKey and googleApiKey() replaced with juice.googleApiKey="".
 * *ARIA* - added aria roles to overlay for enhanced assistive technology support.
 * removal of Meta and JSLoadFlag prototypes 


 