= Revision 0.5 - Release Notice =
23rd July 2009

Revision 0.6 introduces a major simplification and refactoring of the Meta functionality and architecture

From the point of view of someone using/building extensions there is no difference except for the deprecation of the `juice.GetValues()` function which will removed from the code at a later revision.

*Pre 0.6 Meta Definitions will fail with version 0.6* - see below for simple upgrade notes.

== Overview of Meta changes ==

Meta values (pre v0.6) could only be created from jQuery selects identifying values from within the html DOM.  The refactoring has retained that capability (using `juice.findMeta()`) and added the ability to directly set a meta value (using `juice.setMeta()`) ether from a value or from the result of calling a function.

Meta values can now also be deleted (using `juice.deleteMeta()`) and overwritten by further calls to the set or find functions for a previously created Meta id.

For naming consistency `juice.getValues()` has been deprecated by `juice.getMetaValues()`.  The `JuiceMeta` class is now not directly accessible.

= Details =

 * *!JuiceMeta* - Class simplified and removed from Global Namespace.
 * *!FindMeta* - `juice.findMeta()` replaces `juice.addMeta()` functionality - _see upgrade notes below_.
 * *!SetMeta* - `juice.setMeta()` enables creation of a Meta value from a variable or a function.
 * *!DeleteMeta* - `juice.deleteMeta()` removes a previously created Meta value.
 * *!GetMetaValue* - `juice.getValues()` deprecated by `juice.getMetaValues()` with no change in functionality.


== Upgrade Notes ==

=== Upgrade from addMeta ===

Pre 0.6 calls to juice.addMeta:
{{{
juice.addMeta(new JuiceMeta("isbns",".item > #details .table .ISBN",juice.stringToAlphnumAray));
juice.addMeta(new JuiceMeta("title",".item > .summary > .title"));
}}}

Need to be replaced with calls to juice.findMeta, thus:
{{{
juice.findMeta("isbns",".item > #details .table .ISBN",juice.stringToAlphnumAray);
juice.findMeta("title",".item > .summary > .title");
}}}

=== Upgrade for getValues ===

Calls to juice.getValues:
{{{
var vals = juice.getValues("title");
}}}

Should be replaced with calls to juice.getMetaValues(), thus:
{{{
var vals = juice.getMetaValues("title");
}}}