= Revision 0.4 - Release Notice =
27th May 2009

Revision 0.4 is a significant release that introduces support for the set of [http://code.google.com/apis/ajax/ Google JavaScript APIs] which can be used to create many powerful extensions for Google Book Search, Google Maps, and RSS Feeds.

Google provides [http://code.google.com/apis/ajax/playground/ many examples] of these API tools, but they all assume that they are being introduced in to the source html page. Juice 0.4 introduces a framework that hides the complexity of optionally loading Google APIs and waiting for the scripts to load before calling the functionality they contain. 

= Details =

 * *File revision numbering* - Version 0.4 is in `juice-0.4.js`. `juice.js` has been  updated to version 0.4.

 * *Google functions* - Introduction of Juice calls:
  * `juice.googleApiKey()` to set/get the API Key for Google functions (required for Google Maps API). To be set before loading any Google APIs
  * `juice.loadGoogle_jsapi()` - Loads core Google API !JavaScript framework, ensures it is only loaded once.  Called by `juice.loadGoogleApi()`, provided separately to enable early loading of the core framework.
  * `juice.loadGoogleApi()` - load individual Google APIs, such as maps, books, feeds, etc. Ensures each API is only loaded once.
  * `juice.onGoogleApiLoaded()` - Call a passed function when all requested Google APIs have been loaded.
  * `juice.onAllLoaded()` - Call a passed function when all requested !JavaScript and Google API files have been loaded.  Supersedes `juice.onJsLoaded()` which only waits for files loaded via `juice.loadJs()`. 

 * *New Extensions*  The Embedded Google Book Search extension [http://code.google.com/p/juice-project/source/browse/trunk/extensions/GBSEmbed.js GBSEmbed.js] has been re-factored for this new functionality.  Two new extensions have been created:
  * [http://code.google.com/p/juice-project/source/browse/trunk/extensions/GoogleRssfeed.js GoogleRssfeed.js] - Builds on the Google [http://www.google.com/uds/solutions/dynamicfeed/index.html Dynamic Feed Control] to add an RSS Feed extension.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/juice-project/source/browse/trunk/extensions/GoogleMap.js GoogleMap.js] provides a powerful Google Map extension for placing a map in to a page which self-centers and automatically sets the zoom level based on the position of the map points passed to it. 

 